[Autogenerated] Now I have a load of the ready.
So when you come to this screen,
you're going to see the get started screen we can see.
It gives you the typical definition of what the service does.
And then there's a few different articles we can choose from your install,
run and analyze.
And then we have the basic getting started in
documentation links at the bottom here.
So I'm gonna click on Get Started and we can see it's
initially going to welcome us Hate.
Welcome to Amazon Inspector,
and we can see that it states that it's going to check for security exposures
and these different vulnerabilities in our easy to instances.
And we can see that it also allows us to an easy assessments set
up so we can set up for network assessments.
And you can see that it lists that inspector agent isn't
not required for network assessments, and then underneath it,
you can see that it talks about what's being performed.
It's gonna check our network configuration,
run an analysis on that,
and that's gonna check reports that might be reachable from the outside.
And you can see as an optional thing here where it
says if the agent is installed, it can also find processes reachable in a port.
So it's gonna dive in a little bit deeper than just
the outer layer of our instances.
And then we see a demo or an example, I should say, of a pricing breakdown.
The next option we see is our host assessments,
and this requires our agent to be installed,
and we can see that this performs a few different assessments.
It's gonna do see ve scanning so vulnerabilities
it's gonna look for host hardening.
And then it's going to see if we meet security best practices.
And underneath that it talks about how we can deploy our agents.
So it's going to say that it requires an agent to be installed and you
can actually utilize the Systems Manager run command,
which we actually talked about in a previous clip to install this
inspector agent on all of your instances very easily.
Now for this clip,
I actually already have an Amazon Lennix instance spun up
that has the inspector agent pre installed.
It's actually one of the AWS provided AM eyes that you can use.
So when we actually start looking at the terminal.
We'll see what that looks like now.
The next thing we see here is we can run weekly,
which is the recommended practice.
We can run this once to see what it does or weaken going to advance set up.
So since this is a clip, when we're trying to learn deeper into it,
let's do advanced set up here and it takes us to another page.
Now it's just going to give us a less gooey looking type of interface here,
and it requires a little bit more configuration.
So we'll leave the name, the default assessment target all instances,
and you can see the next option is if we want to run this on
all instances in our account and region.
So if I uncheck this,
we can see that weaken scanned by tags instead of running on all of them.
So if I wanted to search for a certain key value pair for a tag instance,
I can do that for this clip.
I'm gonna go in select all instances just to be safe,
and then underneath that we see install agents.
Now,
this is going to allow Amazon Inspector to install the Amazon Inspector
agent on all of our instances in this assessment target,
so you'll see they're nowhere.
It says if you're going to do this,
you need to make sure that your E C two instances have the
s s m agent installed in the role that allows them to
communicate with the run come in.
So I don't need this.
So I'm gonna unsa like this because I already have it installed,
and I'm gonna click next.
The next thing we do is to find an assessment template.
So this is where we're essentially specifying all of our
properties and rules that we want to run here.
So I'll leave the name the same assessment template default.
And then you can see we can actually either remove or add these
different rules packages that are in here.
So if I wanted to, I could take out, let's say,
C I s operating system configuration benchmarks here,
and then I can add a different one of run time behavior
analysis so you can kind of swap out which ones you want to
use for different assessments.
So I'm actually gonna go and take this out and let's just
leave these three here network reach ability,
security, best practices and see ve.
So this should hopefully speed up our assessment time as well.
Now, the duration is the next configurable option.
You can see AWS recommends a one hour duration and you
see their note under your it saying, Hey,
you can modify this,
but understand that the longer durations are gonna have a
fuller set of findings because you can run these different
scans at a deeper in longer level.
Now, for this clip,
I'm gonna set it to 15 minutes because I want to speed this up.
But it's good to know that you can actually select all the
way up to 24 hours if you wanted to.
So I'm gonna leave 15 for now and let's move on.
The next thing we see here is that we can actually
set up an assessment schedule.
So if we wanted to weaken, set this up to recur once every so many days,
and it's good to note that the first run is going to
start on this initial creation, so it's going to start right away,
and then on this recurring schedule that we set now,
I'm not going to set one up,
but it is recommended to run it at least once weekly,
for your resource is so I'm gonna go and un select this so it's not enabled,
and then I'm gonna click on next.
Now we move to the review screen.
So if we wanted to weaken, review all of this and if needed,
choose one of these edit _______ over here on the right in
order to edit some of these settings, It all looks good to me.
So what I'm gonna do is scroll down here and I'm gonna click on create.
And there we go.
Success assessment runs started.
So actually, while this is running,
I'm actually gonna scroll over to my terminal.
And I'm actually SS aged into the instance that this assessment is running
on now to verify that our agent is installed and running,
there's a command you can run, which is listed here,
and this is in the documents that they provide.
But if you run a status command on this a W s agent,
you can see that we get all of the different configurable is that are in place.
So if I scroll up here, you're going to see the agent i d Which is the instance?
Name or instance I d I should say you see collecting true here.
And then you can see her last registration attempt day all the
different dates as well as our assessment Orn that are specific
to this assessment and this target.
So this is basically a dump in a readable format of what's
being configured and assessed on this instance.
So I'm actually gonna go back to our console screen here.
I'm gonna click, refresh one time, and we can see it's collecting data.
So what I'm going to do is I'm actually going to pause this
clip and then after about 15 minutes,
I'll go ahead and resume it and we'll take a look at
all of the data that was collected.
OK, so I've been letting this run for a few minutes.
I'm actually not going to let it run for 15 minutes because it
probably is not gonna come back with any findings,
so it's really not necessary.
But as you can see, this is still collecting data here.
So if I drop this down, we can see this assessment run that's going on.
There's a status of collecting data.
We've had zero findings so far,
but with a neat little feature here is we can show our agents that
are running and you can see our instance I d.
It's truncated,
obviously the status of it and then the status of the
actual inspector agent as well.
So it's collecting data, something click OK here.
And the next thing I want to show us show status so we can see that it has been
analyzing all of our instances for the past five minutes in the service itself
has received 645 messages from this one agent,
so you can kind of keep track of what's going on and how
many messages are being reported back.
Now they scroll back up to the top here, you'll see on the left.
We also have a dashboard screen.
So when you come to inspector after you configure it,
you'll see this dashboard and you can see you can have
them help you create a new assessment.
But what I want to show you is really you can see your different findings that
are coming on as well as your different assessment statuses,
so you can see We have one running right now,
which is the one we kicked off.
And obviously we've had none of them complete in.
None of them fail.
So after this is done, this one should move to either completed or failed.
And if there are any findings with it,
we're going to see it under here in notable findings.
So this will allow us to quickly jump to any findings which will be
violations that were dug up by Amazon inspector.
And then lastly, over here on the right,
you can see we've had a recent assessment run and this is
collecting the last 10 but we only have one.
And it basically it provides you a short cut to view that specific assessment.
So if I click on this,
it takes us back to that same screen and you can see they put a filter
for that particular assessment template running now,
lastly in findings over here on the left,
if we had any,
we can filter by the different category levels so we can filter by high,
medium, low or informational.
Now,
that's a quick run through in an overview of how you might utilize aim is on,
Inspector for your particular resource is if you need to
automate some type of vulnerability, scanning and reporting,
this is the tool to use.
You can run this on a weekly basis and then notify your ad
men's whenever something is found V s and s.
Now we're gonna wrap this clip up and then I'll see in the next one we're going to start diving into a ws guard duty.